[MIG][15.0] hr: migration to 15.0 (#196)
Viindoo/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/hr/15.0.1.1/upgrade_analysis_work.txt

---Models in module 'hr'---
new model hr.departure.reason
new model hr.work.location
---Fields in module 'hr'---
hr           / hr.department            / total_employee (integer)      : previously in module hr_holidays
# NOTHING TO DO: has compute and not store

hr           / hr.departure.reason      / name (char)                   : NEW required
hr           / hr.departure.reason      / sequence (integer)            : NEW hasdefault
# NOTHING TO DO: new records will be created by hr_data.xml

hr           / hr.employee              / departure_description (text)  : type is now 'html' ('text')
# DONE post-migration: convert to html

hr           / hr.employee              / departure_reason (selection)  : DEL selection_keys: ['fired', 'resigned', 'retired']
hr           / hr.employee              / departure_reason_id (many2one): NEW relation: hr.departure.reason

> # DONE post-migration: map hr.employaee with hr.deprture.reason

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DONE post-migration: map departure_reason with hr.deprture.reason on hr.employee model
```
